[doc] documentation additions (#1358)
foambubble/foam: readme.md

[Backlinking]: docs/user/features/backlinking.md "Backlinking"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"

## Contribution Guide

See the [Contribution Guide](https://foambubble.github.io/foam/dev/contribution-guide)

## Code of conduct

> See the [Code of Conduct](https://spencerwooo.github.io/foam-1/code-of-conduct)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Code of Conduct](https://foambubble.github.io/foam/dev/code-of-conduct)
```
